Do you think your party stands a chance in creating a national pool to fund social and environmental programs from oil revenue?

Based on your party’s stance on farm consolidation, do you think this can expand Finland’s share of diversified, family-owned farms?

What will your party do, or what has it done, to encourage young people to take up farming? Do you believe in expanding Agriculture as a whole?

Do you think your party will strike a balance between protecting the ecological integrity of Finland’s forests and the need for an economically and environmentally sustainable forestry sector?

Do you think your party will ensure that Finland’s cities are resilient and sustainable?

Do you think your party will support alternative energy sources to reduce demand for fossil fuels?

If your party forms the next government, will you foster greater levels of cooperation on environmental issue among First Nations, industry, non-profits, NGOs, charities and various provincial and municipal governments?

Do your party stand on allowing public-sector researchers to speak freely?

In light of recent climate change agreements between the United States and China, does your party believe a price on carbon should be set by the federal government?

Looking beyond your party’s platform, what is your pie-in-the-sky environmental or social dream? What environmental policies or practices that now seem impossible, do you think they will be commonplace by 2040?

Do you think the ambit of political branding spread beyond the realms of an election?

Have social media become an effective tool to gauge the performance of products, including that in politics?

Should normal democratic engagement and posturing be expected to work in the face of extreme democratic outcomes?

Do religion influence the outcome of an election and does it have a bearing in the economic outlook of a country?

Does past voting behavior play a role in determining future voting preferences?

Is it easy to gauge the effect of social media on the outcome of an election?

Do you as a leader bring to this position what will help to promote growth in the People around you?

Will you increase the awareness of the significance of your position to a wide range of Citizens?

Do you believe is the main mission of EU and how will you spread that mission to your fellow Citizens?